You can ''italicize text'' by putting 2 
apostrophes on ''each'' side. 

3 apostrophes will '''embolden the text'''. 

5 apostrophes will '''embolden''' and ''italicize'' 
'''''the text'''''.

(Using 4 apostrophes doesn't do anything
special -- <br /> the last pair are just 
''''left over ones'''' that are included 
as part of the text.)
A single newline
generally has no effect on the layout.
These can be used to separate
sentences within a paragraph.
Some editors find that this aids editing
and improves the ''diff'' function
(used internally to compare
different versions of a page).

But an empty line
starts a new paragraph.

When used in a list, a newline ''does''
affect the layout ([[#lists|see below]]).

You can break lines<br/>
without a new paragraph.<br/>
Please use this sparingly.

Please do not start a link or
''italics'' or '''bold''' text on one line
and end on the next.
You should "sign" your comments 
on talk pages:
* Three tildes gives your
signature: ~~~
* Four tildes give your 
signature plus date/time: ~~~~
* Five tildes gives the 
date/time alone: ~~~~~
== Section headings ==

''Headings'' organize your writing into 
sections. The ''Wiki'' software can automatically 
generate a [[help:Section|table of contents]] from them.

=== Subsection ===
Using more "equals" (=) signs creates a subsection.

==== A smaller subsection ====

Don't skip levels, like from two to four equals signs.

Start with 2 equals signs not 1 because 1 creates H1 
tags which should be reserved for page title.

* ''Unordered lists'' are easy to do:
** Start every line with a star.
*** More stars indicate a deeper level.
*: Previous item continues.
** A newline
* in a list  
marks the end of the list.
*Of course you can start again.

# ''Numbered lists'' are:
## Very organized
## Easy to follow
A newline marks the end of the list.
# New numbering starts with 1.
Here's a ''definition list'':
; Word : Definition of the word
; A longer phrase needing definition
: Phrase defined
; A word : Which has a definition
: Also a second definition
: And even a third

Begin with a semicolon. One item per line; 
a newline can appear before the colon, but 
using a space before the colon improves 
parsing.
: A colon (:) indents a line or paragraph.
A newline starts a new paragraph.
Should only be used on talk pages.
For articles, you probably want the blockquote tag.
: We use 1 colon to indent once.
:: We use 2 colons to indent twice.
::: 3 colons to indent 3 times, and so on.

Here's a link to a page named [[Official positions|Official position]].
You can even say [[official positions]]
and the link will show up correctly.

You can make an external link just by typing a URL:
http://www.nupedia.com

You can give it a title:
[http://www.nupedia.com Nupedia]

{| border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5" align="center"
! This
! is
|- 
| a
| table
|}

{| class="wikitable"
|-
! header 1
! header 2
! header 3
|-
| row 1, cell 1
| row 1, cell 2
| row 1, cell 3
|-
| row 2, cell 1
| row 2, cell 2
| row 2, cell 3
|}
<br/>
{|
|+ The table's caption
|-
|Cell 1 || Cell 2 || Cell 3
|-
|Cell A 
|Cell B
|Cell C
|}

<br/>





